Methods to filter event data (#527)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: stream-sources/rudderstack-sdk-integration-guides/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/js-sdk-faqs.mdx

## Can I send the event data to specific destinations only?

> Yes, you can follow any one of the below methods to do so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, you can follow any one of the following methods to send your event data to specific destinations:
```

> - [Send events to selective destinations](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/stream-sources/rudderstack-sdk-integration-guides/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/#loading-selective-destinations): Send your events only to the selective destinations by stopping the other device mode integrations from loading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Sending events to selective destinations](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/stream-sources/rudderstack-sdk-integration-guides/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/#loading-selective-destinations): You can send your events only to the selective destinations by stopping RudderStack from loading the other device mode integrations.
```

> - [Filter out selective destinations](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/user-guides/how-to-guides/how-to-filter-selective-destinations/): Filter out selective destinations by stopping certain events from being sent to these destinations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Filtering out selective destinations](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/user-guides/how-to-guides/how-to-filter-selective-destinations/): With this approach, you can stop RudderStack from delivering certain events to the specified destinations.
```
